If I want you, you bastard, how dare you lie to me?
That's unprofessional.
I must hack you to death
Brother Dao
It's going to be cracked down in two years
Big brother, stop doing this!
Walking the rivers and lakes for so many years
I don't do this, what else can I do?
Oh my god
A word of advice from the younger brother
Drop the butcher knife
Become a Buddha on the spot
If Brother Dao doesn't dislike it
I'd like to lend you some money
As your startup capital
Big brother said it was true
Brother, I see you.
Not bad by nature
Know how to keep promises
Abide by professional ethics
Such character
It will definitely achieve something great
I remember for so long
Are you the first person to say yes to me?
So I'll get you 1 million
Brother Zhang took his brothers with him for the rest of his life
start over
Brother, are we really rich this time?
You can marry a wife
Thank you for your support, big brother.
No, no, no.
We must do it all over again
Be a useful person to society and do well
Mountain Peak, how did you convince them?
You have a burning heart
Hey bro
I want to ask what your real name is
Liu Dongqiang
Liu Dongqiang, founder of Tokyo Mall